Content Injection
XSS vulnerabilities are often
used to deliver client-side attacks
as they allow for the redirection
of a victim’s browser
to a location of the attacker’s choosing.
A stealthy alternative to a redirect
is to inject an invisible
iframe into our XSS payload.
An iframe is used to embed another file,
such as an image or another HTML file,
within the current HTML document.
In our case, “report” is a file hyperlinked
to our attack machine,
and the iframe is invisible
because it has no size
since the height and
width are set to zero.
Once this payload has been submitted,
any user that visits the page will
connect back to our attack machine.
To test this, we will first
create a Netcat listener
on our attack machine on port 80.
Now let’s go back and
refresh the Feedback page.
This alert message is
from our first payload
so we’ll click OK to proceed.
Now let’s check on our netcat listener.
The browser redirection worked,
sending the victim browser to our
attack machine through the iframe.
We could take this farther and redirect
the victim browser to a client-side attack
or to an information gathering script.
We will not be executing any
client-side attacks here.
Instead, we will attempt to gain
access to the web application
as an administrative user.
Before we continue,
let’s clean up our tests.
We’ll log in to phpmyadmin with the
credentials we discovered earlier.
Next, we’ll expand the webappdb database
and select the feedback table.
Let’s delete these three entries.
Let’s make sure that worked.
Great, let’s continue.